Renaming Use, Migrate, MST and troubleshooting (#4193)
timescale/docs: _troubleshooting/cloud-singledb.md

* Copy this comment at the top of every troubleshooting page
-->

> Each $SERVICE_LONG hosts a single database named `tsdb`. You see this error when you try 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each $SERVICE_LONG hosts a single $TIGER_POSTGRES instance called `tsdb`. You see this error when you try 
```

I've added the variable to web-docs
